Compas UI POC (#991)
kyma-project/console: compass/README.md

# Compass

## Overview

> This is an **experimental** user interface for the Compass project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an **experimental** user interface for the [Compass](https://github.com/kyma-incubator/compass/blob/master/README.md) project.
```

## Installation

> 1.  Change your current directory to `console/compass` folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Change your current directory to the `console/compass` folder.
```

> 2.  Run following commands in your terminal

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2.  Run the following commands in your terminal:
```

    ```bash
    npm install
    cd ..
    npm run bootstrap
    cd compass
    npm start
    ```

> 3.  You should see the Compass website opened as a new tab in your browser. If not, please open `http://localhost:8080`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  The Compass website opens in a new tab of your browser. If not, go to `http://localhost:8080`.
```
